Clarify evaluation of arguments to require. (#10093)
ethereum/solidity: docs/control-structures.rst

        }
    }

> If you provide the reason string directly, then the two syntax options are equivalent, it's developer preference which to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you provide the reason string directly, then the two syntax options are equivalent, it is the developer's preference which one to use.
```

.. note::
    The ``require`` function is evaluated just as any other function.
    This means that all arguments are evaluated before the function itself is executed.
    In particular, in ``require(condition, f())`` the function ``f`` is executed even if

>     ``condition`` is true.

Reviewer 2: I assume that order of argument evaluation is unspecified. However, the following test leads me to believe it is left to right?

```
contract C {
        uint x;
        function setValue() internal returns (string memory s) {
                x = 1337;
        }

        function f() public returns (uint) {
                require(x != 1337 , setValue());
                return x;
        }
}
// ====
// compileViaYul: also
// ----
// f() -> 1337
```

Author: It is mostly left to right, but still unspecified.

Reviewer 2: Should we warn for undefined behavior when a value/reference is both read and written across the arguments of require such as in the test case above?

Author: If we do that, then we should do it in all functions.

I think we can expect people to be able to grasp the general concept of side-effects and references.

Reviewer 2: Okay, sounds reasonable to me but still somewhat risky. Perhaps we should add such a test case to document current behavior should order of evaluation change at some point in the future?

>     ``condition`` is false.

Author: ```suggestion
    ``condition`` is true.
```
